one thing that I have noticed with
too often one thing I notice
very common in people who I answer the
as people suffer as
that people live their dilemmas over
situations that are no longer
How many times are you in a job that
It's not the job of your dreams anymore.
you often have a marriage that
it's not like you imagined it anymore
you have a life situation that is not
how would you like
do you give due importance to the
due value for this
Do you maybe when you go into
contact with these realities that are not
plus the reality you'd like
Maybe you figured one day it would be that
Do you believe that food is salvation?
many people end up resorting to
eating over the counter because they
believe that food is the way to
to alleviate the suffering that food may
being is an alternative to this scenario
it's not now you're real
if there is one thing that is for real
if there is one thing that is important are the
your needs
What are your needs? Are they
important
Look at your life and look at managing
in a way that you change that you
may have more quality in your
days
Your job is not cool if he's already
It's not like it was one day.
maybe it's worth having some
attitude there and change this scenario when
I say or maybe I will change jobs but
sometimes it's just a matter of communicating to
Sometimes it's just a matter of you.
talk not of you to delegate of you to change
some behaviors there the same thing
for your relationship to be the
be your marriage, stop and end
realize
maybe if you do not
you're wasting your energy on few
facts and situations that are no longer
How did you imagine how one day was?
possibly you may be losing
time wasting energy in what has already
do not take your glasses away
maybe you are in front of the
your eyes to perceive reality and
modify this reality
Are you really your needs?
they are for real and that you have the
desired results in your
weight loss so you can achieve the
ideal weight has the desired body I
I need to tell you how important it is.
You look inside how much you are
you need to realize what is
important to realize your true
needs take action make different
for the sake of your life you are really
if you want to develop
if you want to grow thrive in scope
even more of the sale I'm not
strictly speaking the weight loss I
I am speaking here of your happiness is
Obviously if you lose weight
consequently you will feel more
more happy, but do not pretend that
things are good everything is fine
you may be wasting energy
you can be totally focused
hope in things that are no longer
but how would you like
let's change this scenario let's put
energy in what is in what you
deserve
in what you really need
be happy
Are you really your needs?
Are they real and the food?
It is not the solution at this time.
fill your soul with food fill in
your soul once you respect
what is very important to you
a kiss and we are very much in
brief
bye Bye